http-parser
2011,2012 (c) Benoît Chesneau <benoitc@e-engura.org>

http-parser is released under the MIT license. See the LICENSE
file for the complete license.


http-parser.c, http-parser.h under MIT license
----------------------------------------------

Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.



setup.py my_build_ext function under MIT License
------------------------------------------------

Copyright Denis Bilenko and the contributors, http://www.gevent.org

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


util.py - IOrderedDict
----------------------

IOrderedDict is based on collections.OrderedDict module, with
insensitive key search support.

Under PSF license.

Copyright © 2001-2010 Python Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved

This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation
(“PSF”), and the Individual or Organization (“Licensee”) accessing and
otherwise using Python 2.7.1 software in source or binary form and its
associated documentation.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF
hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license
to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare
derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python 2.7.1 alone or in
any derivative version, provided, however, that PSF’s License Agreement
and PSF’s notice of copyright, i.e., “Copyright © 2001-2010 Python
Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved” are retained in Python 2.7.1
alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on or
incorporates Python 2.7.1 or any part thereof, and wants to make the
derivative work available to others as provided herein, then Licensee
hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of the changes
made to Python 2.7.1.

PSF is making Python 2.7.1 available to Licensee on an “AS IS” basis.
PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BY WAY
OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND DISCLAIMS ANY
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON 2.7.1 WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON 2.7.1
FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A
RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 2.7.1, OR
ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and
Licensee. This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF
trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

By copying, installing or otherwise using Python 2.7.1, Licensee agrees
to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.


py25.IOBase, py25.RawIOBase, py25.BufferedReader, py25.TextIOWrapper:
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Partial implementation of io classes from python 2.7. Only read
functions have been ported.


Under PSF license.

Copyright © 2001-2010 Python Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved


